Update pricing handbook tiers: Premium/Team → Pro (#3580)
FlowFuse/website: src/handbook/product/pricing.md

This page sets out the concepts that we license and what units are measured across both FlowFuse Cloud  and Self-managed. Commercial decisions outside the scope of this document.

We have three primary tiers: Starter (Open-Source when self-managed), Pro, and Enterprise. The value and features provided within each tier correspond to the specific [persona](./personas/), acknowledging that a higher placement in the organizational chart typically implies different requirements.

## Buyer-Based Open Core (BBOC) Principle

The [Buyer-Based Open Core (BBOC)](https://opencoreventures.com/blog/2023-01-open-core-standard-pricing-model/) principle is a fundamental guideline in our product
development and monetization strategy. It's a framework we employ to discern which features should be open source and which should be proprietary. 
BBOC aligns features into tiers based on their target users or 'buyers' — individual contributors, management, or executives.

> Features that are most beneficial to individual contributors, such as PLC engineers and line workers, fall within our Starter (Open-Source) tier. On the other hand, features that have broader organizational relevance, like Edge Device Management or high availability, are offered in our Pro tier or Enterprise tier, targeted towards IIoT managers and plant managers who need to manage multiple Node-RED instances.

Author: ```suggestion
Features that are most beneficial to individual contributors, such as PLC engineers and line workers, fall within our Starter (Open-Source) tier. On the other hand, features that have broader organizational relevance, like Edge Connectivity or high availability, are offered in our Pro tier or Enterprise tier, targeted towards IIoT managers and plant managers who need to manage multiple Node-RED instances.
```

development and monetization strategy. It's a framework we employ to discern which features should be open source and which should be proprietary. 
BBOC aligns features into tiers based on their target users or 'buyers' — individual contributors, management, or executives.

Features that are most beneficial to individual contributors, such as PLC engineers and line workers, fall within our Starter tier. On the other hand, features that have broader organizational relevance, like Edge Connectivity or high availability, are offered in our Pro tier or Enterprise tier, targeted towards IIoT managers and plant managers who need to manage multiple Node-RED instances.

This buyer-based approach helps us focus our efforts on the value to the end-user, rather than technical specifications or development effort. It aligns our pricing strategy with the value each tier provides, ensuring that the cost is justified by the capabilities offered and the user persona it serves.

## Value Layers

| Tier | Objective | Problem it Solves | Persona |
| ---- | --------- | ----------------- | ------- |

> | Starter (Open-source) | Enable professional Node-RED development for individuals and small teams | <ul><li>Moving beyond local development to cloud hosting</li><li>Secure connections</li><li>Version control and backup capabilities</li><li>Basic team collaboration</li></ul> | <ul><li>Individual contributor</li><li>PLC engineer</li><li>Line worker</li></ul> |

Reviewer: While the code paths execute are open, it's not Free as in Beer, and it might confuse people.

> | Starter (Open-source) | Enable professional Node-RED development for individuals and small teams | <ul><li>Moving beyond local development to cloud hosting</li><li>Secure connections and custom domains</li><li>Version control and backup capabilities</li><li>Basic team collaboration</li></ul> | <ul><li>Individual contributor</li><li>PLC engineer</li><li>Line worker</li></ul> |

Reviewer: Custom domains should not be on starter

| Pro | Build applications with Node-RED across distributed environments with more advanced management and full-stack features | <ul><li>Managing multiple instances across facilities</li><li>Edge device deployment and monitoring</li><li>Enhanced security and access controls</li><li>Team collaboration for larger organizations</li><li>Automated deployment workflows</li></ul> | <ul><li>IIoT manager</li><li>Plant manager</li></ul> |
| Enterprise | Establish Node-RED as enterprise-wide standard with mission-critical capabilities | <ul><li>Enterprise-grade reliability and high availability</li><li>Compliance and comprehensive audit trails</li><li>Integration with corporate systems and SSO</li><li>Advanced monitoring and observability</li><li>Custom branding and dedicated support</li></ul> | <ul><li>Central IT departments</li><li>Plant manager</li></ul> |

## Tier Descriptions

### Starter Tier

The **Starter** tier is designed to introduce individuals and small teams to Node-RED development with FlowFuse. This tier provides the essential foundation for getting started with professional Node-RED hosting and development workflows.

> **Purpose**: Enable individual contributors, PLC engineers, and line workers to quickly deploy and manage Node-RED applications with professional-grade hosting and basic collaboration features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Purpose**: Enable individual contributors, engineers, and line workers to quickly deploy and manage Node-RED applications with professional-grade hosting and basic collaboration features.
```

### Pro Tier

The **Pro** tier is built for IIoT managers and plant managers who need to build full-stack applications using Node-RED across multiple instances, manage edge devices effectively, and utilize more advanced Node-RED management features.

**Purpose**: Enable organizations to build industrial applications and scale their Node-RED rollout with advanced device management, enhanced security, and team collaboration features for managing 5 or more instances across distributed environments.

**Key Capabilities**:
- Multiple hosted Node-RED instances (up to 5 included)
- Edge Device Management with FlowFuse Device Agent
- Advanced security features and access controls
- Enhanced team collaboration for up to 20 members
- DevOps pipelines for automated deployments
- Persistent context and shared libraries
- Priority support with faster response times

This tier empowers organizations to implement Node-RED as a scalable solution across plants and facilities, with the tools needed to manage distributed deployments, ensure security compliance, and maintain operational efficiency.

### Enterprise Tier

> The **Enterprise** tier establishes Node-RED as a company-wide standard with enterprise-grade features for high availability, compliance, and integration.

Reviewer: @joepavitt is always saying we sell a Platform, but even in the Enterprise tier we're selling "Node-RED"?

Author: ```suggestion
The **Enterprise** tier, built on Node-RED, is a comprehensive industrial application-building platform that sets a company-wide standard with enterprise-grade features for high availability, compliance, and integration.
```

> **Purpose**: Enable central IT departments and enterprise organizations to deploy Node-RED at scale with the reliability, security, and integration capabilities required for mission-critical industrial applications.

Author: ```suggestion
**Purpose**: Enable central IT departments and enterprise organizations to deploy full-stack industrial applications using Node-RED at scale with the reliability, security, and integration capabilities required for mission-critical purposes.
```
